Behavioural Question:

Keys:
When/Where
What happened
Action taken
Results

I have never been i that situation, if i were....

1. Tell me about a time worked under pressure
Ans
1. when i was a student at xyz college
2. I had 4 project due in same week
3. I created a schedule in advance to best manage my time
4. i broke projects insmall manageable steps.
5. I finished all proj and manager was happy with the quality

My Ans:
Yes I ahd various circumstances where i had to work under pressure escially when your co-worker goes on for vacation. In such situation
i will have multiple projects in pipeline. In such cases what i do is to break the task in small manageable steps and provide a schedule
for each task and finish all the task. ALso my manager will be satisifed with the quality of work.



2. Why you want to change company

For better professional growth and career opportunities where i can leanr new skills and technology.  also would like to be part of software development from start to finsish

I am looking for a job with more responsibility



3. What is your greatness weekness

I have trouble with planning and prioritization, but i have started to correct this. i started a pocket planner

no patience when coworkers withheld vital information, i tried tomaximize knowledge sharing session and ensure all in same page. but still
few withhold the details. so i privately talk to them understand the reason



4. What is your greatest strength
skills
abilities
experience
personality

Ans:
My sense of urgency. If i know that a task is important, then i will work my hardest to get it done
able to learn from mistakes and takes feedback positively.

5. where do you see yourself in 3 to 5 years from now

That actually depends on what career oppurtunities come my way, bottom line is to improve my skill set, both technical and people oriented skills.
up to date with latest technologies in market

in 5 years, i plan to have improved my abilities and become  the leader in my field. this means i can contribute more tomy employer and company.

Myanswer: 
That actually depends on what career oppurtunities come my way. I would liek to be senior manager who can bring in new projects and business to the team
and be part of the growth. Also improve my skillsets.

6. Why should we hire you?

my skills in sales seem to fit this job perfectly, my success at xyz in achieving an annual growth rate of 35% support this, I have worked 
with similar prod lines and have full in depth understanding of all the technical aspects.my experiecnce as a member of a large team will
help to contribute to your department and i am very enthisiastic about new challenges tat will be involved in this position


My answer. JD matches my experience. I have had opportunity to work in different teams of various sized. i would be able to fit into
and adapt to new challenges easily

7. What you know about this organization

Tag line - 
To be the Standard of Excellence".
Always one step ahead (AOSA)

Deloitte provides audit, tax, consulting, enterprise risk and financial advisory services with more than 263,900 professionals globally.
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited
Deloitte is one of the "Big Four" accounting organizations and the largest professional services network in the world by revenue and number of professionals.[7]
record $38.8 billion USD in aggregate revenues
Deloitte number one in both global consulting and management consulting

Deloitte CEO - Cathy Engelbert

Core values:
Integrity
Stregnth in diversity
commitment to each other 
outstanding values to market and clients


This company has great reputation in company service
Research company history, firm size, ceo, company goals,
Latest news on the company

8. why do you want this job or why do you apply for this job?

talk good about the company and say i want to be part of such a company

after researching your company, i have learned that it is an industry leader and has an amazing reputation. I was also impressed by the mission
statement of the company as well as the values and culture. I strongly feel that your company is where i would like to work and be associated with.


there is only a limited number of opportunity for the advancement with my current employer.which is why i am very set 
on working for larger corporation such as yours. where i have more possibilities to show what iam able to do.


9.what is your expected salary?
my rate is open for negotiation and ask employer to offer a rate

10. Do you have any question?
ask about job position and trainings
skills to learn

11. Do you have any question?
I had made notes to inquire about your training process. but we already went ovr that. I believe we were abel to cover everything at the moment. thank you

tips:
1. when looking at company's near future , what you believe will be the most difficult challenges to face?
2. what new trends do you believe have an influence on the industry and how is your company prepared for them?
3. what are you able to tell me about company's plan to growth
4. what does your company constitue as success for the current position
5. what experiece and skill set make a candidate more ideal
6. if tomorrow is my first day, what would be the top priority in my list?
7. what do you beleive the largest challenges within the position?


12. Are you a team player?

1. Ability to effectively communicate with coworkers
2. the ability to notice and understand view points of other teammembers , co-workers etc
3. the ability to ackonowledge and appreciate the  contribution of your position with in the company

Yes, i enjoy being a team player and have had  many previous opportunities in work to gain experince for developing 
my skills as a team player. i have been on projects such as abc

I have found that working with others help increase the performance and it provides better workflow. this helps project done on time. An example
is recent project abc


My answer.
Yes, I ahve found that working in a team improves your performance and overall team performance by which we the project gets completed on time
Also i have the ability to communicate effectively to team member/cowroekrs. Also try to understand view points of team members

13. biggest mistake ever made?

tips: give very old example
1. if i could back in time, i would have went for business studies rather hospitality
2. i remained in a stable job for years, but dint offer me any opportunities to grow with the company


14. tell me about a problem you have solved?
describe the issue
outcome expected
solutions available
discuss the people you  had to work with and how they worked together in order to solve the problem as expected

Audit tracker

15. What do you dislike of the last job?

give vague issues

a. it can be sometimes be hard for me to gain a sense any achievement within a large project such as my current proj
b. my current position offers few chance for advancements, system is stable no new challenges and monotonous



16. Greatest achivement?

STAR method

Situaton - escalations from client
Task - build a tracker tool
Approach -  brokedown the requirement, approach and coding
Result - tool was built

Audit tracker
Manager happy, Awareded ACE


In just a month, I was able to improve the overall process, saving our group more than 10hours a month spent on invoices, reduced overall error margin to 25%


17. Issues with previous boss?>
I have had some previous conflicts but they werent major conflicts. There have been a few disagreements, but have learned that it helps
to understand and the view of the other person in order to come up with a resolution.i listen to other person's perspective, then figurte
out how to come up with a solution, for ex: abc



18. Suggestion you have made that was implemented?
explain an innovative idea you have had that was approved by a previous boss and how it was applied

There havebeen several situation at work which have directly affected the performance of me, and my coworkers. by improving the workplace
and finding a solution for the situation. it helps both me any my co workers. because of this, i donot simply take a suggestion as just
that, but consider how it can be applied to correct the siutation. i pay close attention to details, and whne theres a way 
to improve a situation to save time and nuisances. i speak to boss about a correction. 


RWB Reports issue. defect count was same accross regions.



19. Would rather work for money or job satisfaction? 
though money is important job satisafaction is more important


Good question, it would be nice for the pay rate to equal the work i do, which would play part in my job satisfaction. Also, personal
financial issues could affect the job satisfaction too. Assuming both of these are covered, i would prefer to be excited over the work
i produce and be content with it when i return hhome. 


20. Has anything ever irriated you about these people you have worked with?

actually have gotten along with all of your co workers


21. what relavent experiences do you have?
check again??


22. how are you while working underpressure?
i work the same with or with out pressure

proveide many examples. use situatins from past 
keep going by explaining how daily tasks are prioritized and how you proejects were organized
stress happens but donot focus on it. mention how you deal with it

I prefer working in a challenging environment and work better when under stress. in the world of writing and eiditing, theres a balance betwen deadlines and juggling 
multiple projects. when being tested with a deadline closing in, i find more creativity comes out.



23. What is your biggest failure?
Looking back at my career, my biggest failure has been not properly preparing my self more with education. i took on courses in college 
which had no impact on my actual career path and i had a chance to have extra courses in my career major. 


24. how would your boss, supervisor and co workers describe you?

Sample1: i dont mind helping out in whatever may need done and you often offer assistance prior to being requested

i prefer to build relationships with team members as these will be the people I am aournd 8 hours a day  

when its appropriate, i enjoy  having a little fun, laugh and keep tension low while retainging high moreale


25. What sort of person do you not like to work with?


1. dont mention speciific personality, consider what makes a bad worker
2. avoid going to details
3. be vague with answer
4. try to show that you like working along someone similar to you


i would like to work with a person who has a similar approach to work as i do, such as planning and organizing then taking action. 
I also enjoy taking new task, so a manager who would be willing to give me the chance to try new things so i can advanc emy proffesion and keep learning
In addition to these, being approachable is always good, someoene who's supportive, and can be sensitive yet a team leader who can provide directions.


26. what you have done to improvde skills, knowledge in last yearS?
give skills relavent to your JD
show them you are goal oriented and willing continue to learn
learn how to learn is equally important

I have friends already in the position who allowed me to observe them during a regular workday and i was able to practice and learn 
the responsibilities, along with some of their techniques.. so works and some dint.

each person needs to elarn from their mistakes to more forward

27. tell about a conflict or challenge you faced at work and how you dealt with it?

tips: Conflict is an every day thing, it is important how you professionaly dealth with it
remeber the STAR approach in a conflict situation 
pick an example that is genuine
explain you are able to handle conflicts
pay attention how to come out with a win win
show them how you customize depending on the person
dont be negative to any one


Ans:
i noticed a co worker having trouble, so i sat down with them to find out what was going on. i let them know i was concerned, and we talked 
out our biggest issues with each other and we worked out a compromize. this helped us figure out what we could prioritize and what
could be given up to help both of us move forward.


28. do you have freiends in this company?


29. how long to work for us if we hire you?
its my intention to stay until i am no longer able to contribute to the growth of the companny


30. Are you willing to work overtime?
while i underatand there will be times overtime is needed to get a project  done and dont have an is

sample: if needed i can work overnight or weekends to get a job done and leave me with satisfaction

31.What is your dream job?

Kepp it vague

I enjoy interacting with other people and helping them out, so when i look for a job in customer service i look 
for the chance to use my communication skills. i enjoy problem solving and offer becoming educated on your products

dream job is to work in a project that is challenging, always looks for new technologies and gives opportunities
to learn new stuffs

32. describe your work ethic?

1. positive outline
2. respecting others, this makes work easier
3. having interpersonal relationships, good relationships with coworkers
4. understand the approach, to ensure focus on end goal
5. sensitivity and empathize
be sensitive to others when needed
empathize when challenges occur
6. being honest and sincere - give examples

I am hardowrking and dedicated worker, however i do enjoy to have a little fun so i can  enjoy
a more positive workplace. At the last job evaluation my manager stated i have got a god mix of personality and professinalism


33. What other companies are you interviewing with?

I am talking about similar posiitions at few companies. However based on what i have learned today.I am more exceited about the posiiton in your company

34. Are you willing to travel or relocate if necessay?
not a problem

35. What was the most difficult decision for you to make?

My last job position where at times challenging and would require more direct communications with other team members inorder to get the situation solved

An example is when i was on a project with a limited budget, my fellow team members and i had to decided on how the 
budget would be used. by using conversation including the whoel group, we were able to gain better effective communication skills.
in the end , the proj was a success

My answer: low budget project with less resources. Finalizing the best resources by involving offshore leads able to get the best resources


36. Major goal you set recently?



37. what will do if you dont get this job?
Although i feel with my experice , i would make the best for this possition. If i am not picked,
 i will support that person and Will keep trying because this is what i am passionate and persistent about the position. 


38. What motivates you at workplace?
the constant movement of progress keeps me motivated as it excites me to see new things and ideas come turn out and be implemented. I enjoy a good challenge
that makes me think outside of the box and i look forward to using my skills and talents to advance my work. the quality
of leader ship is also a fact for me to stay motivated


39. how do you measure success?
going the distance when on a project and Client satisfaction

40. Describe your management syle?
i enjoy working with others where i have the chance to motivate and inspire them and the team to reach goal. i am open minded when it comes to team
ideas and i communicate with the team in order to envourage and support them to share their ideas. I also have a string belief in discussion when making 
decisions, and noting the different skills each memeber can bring to the table


Testing quesitons?

1. Why are you into testing?
Passion , perfection, quality

2. Did you ever conditional sign off?
Conditional sign off - When there are possibilities of prod issues. Since no extended time or regression possible. In such case conditional sign off are provided
ex: Deferred defects

3.How do you deal with deferred defects?

Check with Business for approval
track the defect to backlog list for testing in upcoming releases

4. Is unit testing necessary?
It makes QA life easy and bugs are found in development phase itself.

In automation, testng/junit test is run .

5.  How do you deal when requirements are not clear?

1.Will cordinate with BA's
2. Also check with SME's of the domain
3. will document all understanding
4. provide feed back to managers and ensure in next release the gaps are covered


6. How do you deal with non repoducible defects?
I will open a defect and get it close dby developer . Comments add *unusual behaviour*


7. how do you cordiate QA testing with broader team?

Be proactive, schedule QA triage calls or weekly status calls with all QA team, dev, BA, product team. 
Will discuss all questions with business get it documented


8. Do you think testig should be involved in initial stage?

Yes, this will give complete understanding of application
We can suggest some potential issues

Some cases, if QA is invoved in multiple projects. in such cases QA can involve after development

9. How do you deal when developer is not accepting defects?
it can be becasue of misunderstaood requirement between QA and dev
1. Send email to prod owner which actual behaviour and ask for confirmation
2. Bring it up in any forumsn like traige meeting, status calls
3. sharescreen and get immediate confirmation

10. do you think testcase reviews are important?
1.perform peer review
2. schedule review meetings and ensure no scenarios are missed

11. do you do peer reviews?
peer review with SME's

12. have you involved in production release validations?
i come up with list of testcases that i want to perform that day and post install i will execute them
Make sure application in test is same as in prod

13. Do you involve/assist UAT testing?
They will leverage my tetscases

14. Exmplain your JIRA workflow?

Begin process -> dev complete -> ready for qa -> QA approved -> UAT approved -> ready for prod -> prodcution

once dev is complete, ready for QA. A qa is assigned and notified

15. What is test environment?
test environment is a setup of software and hardware where app runs

16. How often do you interact with BA?
requirements
deferred defects
discuss the risk in delivery

17. What is code freeze?
code freeze nothing should be depoyed to test after certain date

18. Do you ask for code freeze date
yes inorder to regression after all codes are fixed.

19. do you prepare requirement traceability matrix?
helps to determine my tets coverage


20. What do you mean my prodcution stability?
always ensure what ever i deliver is 100% stable 


21. Test plan contents?
Scope
out of scope
assumptions  like production like data
schedule
roles and responsibilities of PM, TL, Testing, Dev Team 
environemnt details
Tool list - QC, JIRA etc
Defect Management - flow in which defects are assigned
Risk - schedule, resources, outage etc
Exit criteria -  when exec is 100%, when defects are closed,all expected and actual results captured

22. Difference between test strategy and test approach
Test strategy is a high level and overall document which defines the approach for software testing. 
Test Approach What type of testing is needed (performance, load, stress, functional etc.) and whether the testing is only manual or automation or both are some of the crucial points which defines the testing approach.



23. What is difference between priority and severity
Severity is how severe the issues, how it could cause financial loss or is a show stopper
priority is how fast the issues needs to be fixed and deployed

High Priority – Low Severity bug
This could happen when, for example, the logo or name of the company is not displayed on the website. It is important to fix the issue as soon as possible, although it may not cause a lot of damage.

High Severity – Low Priority bug
This happens when the bug causes major problems, but it only happens in very rare conditions or situations, for example, customers who use very old browsers cannot continue with their purchase of a product. Because the number of customers with very old browsers is very low, it is not a high priority to fix the issue.

Low Priority – Low Severity bug
For cases where the bug doesn’t cause disaster and only affects very small number of customers, both Severity and Priority are assigned low, for example, the privacy policy page take a long time to load. Not many people view the privacy policy page and slow loading doesn’t affect the customers much.


24 STLC life cycle
Requirement Analysis
Test Planning
Test Case Development
Environment Setup
Test Execution
Test Signoff

25. Models

Waterfall Model: This model involves finishing each phase completely before commencing the next one. When each phase is completed successfully, it is reviewed to see if the project is on track and whether it is feasible to continue.

V-Shaped Model: This model focuses on the execution of processes in a sequential manner, similar to the waterfall model but with more importance placed on testing. Testing procedures are written even before the commencement of writing code. A system plan is generated before starting the development phase.

Incremental Model: This life cycle model involves multiple development cycles. The cycles are divided up into smaller iterations. These iterations can be easily managed and go through a set of phases including requirements, design, implementation and testing. A working version of the software is produced during the first iteration, so working software is created early in the development proces

26. SDLC
Planning,defining, designing, building, testing, deployment 


27. V model

Business req 				acceptance testing
system requirements			systeme testing
hld design				integration tetsing
lld design				unit testing
			coding










 






























































 