Question1: 
How to test login page:

Generally they are looking for scenarios from a broader business
perspective, and not just testing username and password


Functional test cases:
1. verify the username field is a text field
2. verify the password field is a text field
3. verify if username field is accepting alphanumeric characters
4. verify if password field is accepting alphanumeric characters
5. verify the length of username, should be min 8 characters
6. verify if login button is clickable
7. verify the boundary value condition for username or password
8. Verify the login fail message is displayed in red color

Above is the usual scenarios we give as answer, but there few additional functionalities by which interviewer
gets impressed

9. Negative scenario, verify if incorrect password entered 3 times, validate the popup message should display
"Account will get locked in 4th incorrect attempt"

10. Verify when correct username and incorrect password is entered login fails 
11.Verify when incorrect username and correct password is entered login fails 
12.Verify if entering correct username, password and click on login button and it navigates to home page.(E2E testcase)
13. verify the home page title after successfull login
14. give any other points you think around security testing

Non Functional test cases:
1. verify the server is up and running
2. verify the title of the login page
3. verify the login functionality works in different browsers




Question2:
A user with bofa debit card goes to chase atm and tries to witdraw money

Answer:
Similar to above question, we generally gives answer around entering username, password and withdrawing cash

few additional answers:
1. Validate if additional fees is debited from the user since he went to different bank
2. Verify if Over draft amount is debited from the user if balance less than 0, provided he does not have OD feature setup
3. Verify if Over draft amount is not debited from the user if balance less than 0, provided user has OD feature setup
4. Verify if once transaction is complete, message displays "need to continue or quit?"
5. Verify if other features are displayed in atm, like check balance, apply loan, deposit cash etc


Question3:
Can expect wierd questions like,
i) write scenario to test the functionality of an elevator
ii) setofbox connected to tv, test the functionality (amazon question)
So think from different business functionality while answering


